And welcome to another episode, a no such thing as a fish, this week coming to you from
the literary arena in the Latitude Festival. My name is Dan Schreiber. I'm sitting here
with three other QILs. It's Aniches Insky, Andy Murray, and James Harkin. And once again,
we've gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven
days. And in a particular order, here we go. And we're going to start with my fact this week.
My fact this week is that the world record for horse long jump is shorter than the world record
for human long jump. That just can't even be true. That just is so obviously not true at some
believer. No, it's absolutely true. But here's the weird thing. Horse long jump. Did anyone know
that existed? It was an Olympic sport for one year. I have a question about the horse long jump.
Did they have to do it with a human on their back? Yes. Well then of course they're going to
let if you put a if you put a horse on a human's back. That's not a fair comparison though. You
need to put so it'd be like strapping a child to your back maybe. Okay. Which wouldn't be allowed,
I guess. No. But listen horses. Okay, how many how many people here just by show a hand, a surprise
that humans can jump further than horses? Yeah, pretty much everyone. Yeah. And when you say
surprised, none of them believe you. Okay, so this is absolutely true. You can go online to Wikipedia.
So this was in the 1900s. Your niche sources for these. So 1900 at the Olympics, they did the horse
drum. The guy riding the horse was called constant van Langhendonk and his horse was called
extra dry and he jumped as far as he jumped about six meters and that's not actually the horse record.
So that was just their first ever attempt at the Olympics. Everyone said let's not do that again.
Let's move on. Let's never speak about this. So the world record as it stands was set in 1975 by
horse. The horse was called something. What was it called? Something. The horse was actually called
something. That was the actual name of the horse by Mr Andre Ferreira and they jumped 8.4 meters.
So that's the horse record. The human record is 8.95 meters. Yeah. And that was set in 1991 by
guy called Mike Powell. It's still holding to this day as the longest human jump. What about height?
Can they jump? Can we jump higher than horses or can they jump higher than us? I think the horses
can go higher. Can they? Yeah. Well, I've looked it up. Oh, really? And there is an official high jump
record for horses and it's two meters 47 and the official high jump record for humans is two meters
45. So they can beat us by two centimeters. Wow. But do they know that we're asking them to jump
really high? There's the problem. There's a big fence in the way that gives a bit of a clue.
Yeah. They just don't have the like competitive urge, you know, they don't know that they need to win.
That's true. That's the thing that we do. But the thing is with human high jump is there was a
massive difference was that when Dick Fosbury came in and did his Fosbury flop, which is going over
backwards. And until then the record was a certain amount and then it went massively up in a really
short amount of time. And what's interesting with him is he was the in the America, he went gold in
the Olympics in 1968. But by 1970 he wasn't even in the Olympic team anymore because everyone else
had seen his tactic and gone, that's amazing. And he wasn't even that good at high jumper.
Really? It's just the technique. Yeah, just the technique. That's the only thing that did it. He
wasn't even that good. So long jump was almost the opposite right because the long jump record until
it was broken by Mike Powell in 1991 was held for I think a record length of time in the Olympics. So
it was broken in 1968 by Robert Beaumont. And he just did this incredible long jump. So the record
up until then had been 21 feet and three quarters of an inch. And then in 1968 he jumped 29 feet
and 2.5 inches. And he jumped so far that they couldn't record it properly because they didn't have
the equipment to stretch that far. They didn't have the equipment to stretch them. Yeah. How I
didn't know how advanced the equipment has to be. In order for you to buy another one meter ruler
to measure the amount of people. So I think he jumped 29 feet. I think this with long jumps is
they record. Some people record. I don't know if it's true. Some people record you could go further
if you do a sum of salt while you're jumping. That makes sense. But there's a rule that says you're
not allowed. The rule is very clear. It says the jumper's head has to stay in a superior position
during the jump. So your head has to be always the highest point. But why has someone done it and
they've gone further? Well they said that it was maybe due to it being dangerous. But the actual
reason that they said they jumped band it when they did is that nobody would jump a puddle in this way.
So apparently that's what we're doing with a long jump. It's just a way of jumping a puddle.
Good Olympic reasoning. Do you want to hear something else that happened at the 1900 Olympics?
Yes, please. Men's underwater swimming. So start underwater and you just keep going
until you have to come up and you get a point for every second you're underwater and you get a point
for every meter you swim underwater. It was never held again because of, and I quote,
a lack of spectator appeal. Actually they're kind of bringing that back you know because they found
that swimming underwater is quicker than swimming freestyle. Yeah, it's called the fish kick.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. And it's the first time they found a new swimming stroke which is faster than
freestyle. The first time it's happened in hundreds of years. Yeah, it's really cool. It's literally
moving your hips really, really far and you know moving your arms around. You look like a fish when
you're doing it. Yeah, yeah. There's another so horse long jump has been abandoned as an Olympic sport.
There's a list of other Olympic sports that we no longer do. This is my favourite one. Solo
synchronized swimming. And that was for three Olympics. Just one person in a pool with music,
love it. And eventually they thought it's just not working for us. That's amazing. That's so cool.
Another thing they had at the 1900 Olympics was so they were really into horse events at that
Olympics I think and they had the male coach event which was basically who can deliver post
the fastest and was so there's the four in hand male coach event and it was four horses on a male
coach and you know you've got your letters and it was a race and the guy who won it actually was
the guy who then went on to found the Orion Express company weirdly so he was the guy behind
Orion Express train. You'll have seen some of my work in the Olympics. That's very cool. Have you
heard of Margaret Abbott? No. She was an art student from America, right? She won in the 1900
Olympics. She won a nine-hole golf tournament but she didn't know it was an Olympic event.
She died 55 years later still not knowing that she was America's first female Olympic champion.
I know. No one told her at any point. How did she get into the Olympics then? I don't know.
They're all these sort of weird half Olympic events. So the male coach I think they've decided
now it wasn't a technically Olympic event and all of this stuff. There's all this sort of shadow
Olympics. And the whole time I jump I think that same event was decided it didn't count as an
Olympic event but the horse long jump did. Because horses jumped, I think they jumped just over six
foot at that. Oh, it's a thing. Which yeah. So the modern Olympics, you know it disappeared for
a long time. Obviously someone brought it back and the person who brought it back, one of the main
people was a guy called Baron D. Kubaton. So Baron D. Kubaton decided when he set it up that he
was going to award an Olympic gold. So someone won this in the Olympics for literature, right?
So there was a whole arts category that happened with the Olympics, which they've since dropped.
But so they did it in all different things. They did it in sculpture, architecture, in poetry.
But do you know who won the poetry award? No. He did. Did he? Did he?
He was no good at sports but he set up the Olympics and he's like, well, how am I going to win a gold
medal then? And so he sets up poetry and then he did a poem himself and he won. He won a gold medal.
Guys, I really, really think we should have a poetry competition in the Olympics. I know it's
kind of sporty but, you know, it was meant to be the whole thing. 1948 was the last London Olympics
before 2012. That was the last time they had architecture and was it sculpting? Town planning.
Town planning. I've got the town planning. There was a little Olympic medal for town planning.
Yeah, but it was solo town planning. That was very important.
So they also had it for painting and graphic art. So I've got the gold silver and bronze winners
of the 1948 painting and graphic art competition. So in it bronze was a guy called Alex Diglman
from Switzerland who won it for his graphic art world championship for ice hockey poster.
Silver was Alex Diglman from Switzerland for world championship for cycling poster. Gold medal
to no one. That is brutal. Can you imagine losing to nobody?
So the Olympic art had to be art that was about Olympic sports presumably.
Everything had to be about the Olympics. Imagine having to tell him that he won silver
and he'd be really excited and he'd say oh that's great. I'm so made up to one silver.
Who got gold? Yeah, little thing Alex. There is an interesting thing. They did a study of faces
of people who are doing races who do running races in the Olympics and they could tell how happy
people were by how smiley they were on the podium and anyone who came second was much more miserable
than whoever came third. They found that out because the people who came second presumably are
really upset because they just just missed out on gold and the people who came thirded well
I got something at least. James told us this great thing the other day
about you saying bolts. What was that quiz question that you said about him breaking the 100 meters?
Oh yeah. Well his fastest ever 100 meters is a lot faster than World Record and that's because
the second half of his 200 meters he'd already had a running start and so I think he beat
9 seconds for 100 meters. But he was already running. He was already starting. He had a really
start. Yeah. But when he broke their 100 meters World Record he had one of his shoes untied.
One of his shoelaces untied. No way. That's how good he is. Yeah. That would be so distracting.
How did he not stop? I'm sure he wasn't looking at it the whole time.
Should I deal with this? Did he stop and tie it up? Yeah he still broke the record in spite of
stopping to tie it up halfway through. That would not be double knot or. Yeah.
When he does 100 meters his feet are touching the ground for I think two seconds
and in the whole race. Wow. Wow. Do you want to know something else about the long jump in ancient
Greece? It was so hard that you were allowed to have weights so you held these weights and you sort
of threw them behind yourself as you jump forward. Also the ancient Greek long jump was so tricky
that you were allowed to have a flute playing so you could keep time with it as you did your jump.
That was that concession. We know this is really hard so we'll give you a flute player
to make it a bit easier. What's so the flute played a rhythm? Yeah yeah the flute would play
in time so that you could make your jump. I do feel like between flute playing and steroids
you'd probably go over the last of it. We understand this is hard. You can have an orchestra
accompanying you. Awesome performance. You're going to be tested for flutes obviously for liars
all kinds of stuff. We're going to have to move on to our second fact. Does anyone have anything
else before we do? No. Okay. Time for our second fact and that is Chisinski. Yeah my
fact is that every time Alfred Hitchcock had a cup of tea he always smashed the tea cup.
That was what he did. Always. Well apparently every morning he'd have his cup of tea before he
went off to work and he'd drink the tea, smash the tea cup, go to work, he'd drink tea in the studio
through tea cups at the wall and it was just his tea drinking habit. He sounds very difficult
doesn't he? He's a madman. He was a madman. Someone wrote a biography recently about him saying he was
doing it to remind himself of the frailty of human life. So he throws a tea cup against the wall
and thinks that's like me dying. But he just did it. He used the punch light bulbs out quite a long
set as well. That's how we turned off lights. He turned the light on and then he just punch it
until it stopped giving out light. And actually speaking of horses he was really good friends with
Gerald DeMaurier who was definitely DeMaurier's dad and Gerald DeMaurier was an actor and at one point
Alfred Hitchcock while Gerald DeMaurier was out on stage performing a play Alfred Hitchcock somehow
nobody knows how had a horse delivered to his dressing room so Gerald came back at the interval
or whatever while he was performing went into his dressing room and there was a huge horse there
and he didn't know what to do with it and no one knows how I got there and I don't know how he
removed it. He was a bit of a prankster wasn't he? He loved practical jokes. One of the things he used
to do was he would get into a lift with a friend of his who told amazing stories and then he would
start to tell this incredible, incredible story and then as soon as the doors opened he would get
just about to the punch line and then walk out so everyone else in the lift is like oh what happens?
But he also stopped the lift just by jamming his arm into the doors and levering them open and
getting out even if it was between floors classic hit pranks. So I think the most impressive prank.
I don't know if this is impressive if it makes him a bad person but I know what I think already.
Yeah you're a bit of a prude. So he was one of his employees on set one night he said I bet you
a certain amount of money. I think it was just I bet you a pound that you won't agree to be handcuffed
to a part of this set overnight you don't have the balls I'm going to turn all the lights off.
And so the stage I was like oh a pound yeah maybe it was more than a pound it was still only the
60s. Yeah yeah I can do that sure. So Alfred was like yeah great fine have a drink to celebrate.
Gave him a brandy, spiked his brandy with a lot of laxatives, handcuffed him to the set,
they all went home, they came back the next day, there was a man there in tears,
covered in shit having soiled himself all over the set. Now do you think that makes him fun?
Well do you think it maybe makes him a bad person? Call me Captain Prude.
I'm on the fence. He did then give him a bonus. Oh great. Yeah but this this is a good sort of bar
of what his comedy was like. The BBC uncovered some archive interviews that they did with him
recently from a while ago when he was alive and he read all the interviews after he died us.
So it turns out that psycho the the great horror when he made it he thought he was making a really
good comedy. Absolutely true he thought he was making a comedy and he thought people he was
parodying the genre but he did it so well and he took it so into such an obscene territory that
he got taken as a property. He did it so well that it wasn't funny is that what a stand-up
comedian could say. Yeah so good no. No, according to Hitchcock that's what he said. Psycho was intended
to be a comedy. You know when he released when he first released Psycho he bought up or he got his
PA to buy up all the copies of the novel Psycho that he could find in America because he didn't
want anyone to give away the ending. Yeah he would do that with all of his films. He bought up the
right so you couldn't see them in the cinema after the cinema run had ended because he only wanted
people to see them in the cinema so he would stop them from being broadcast after that so for about
30 years nobody saw Psycho in the cinema after you know until after he died. Really? Psycho is the
first film to feature a actual shot of a toilet flushing. Oh yeah. 1960 was when it was made and
still before then so taboo and it got all these terrible reviews which were partly based on all
the murders and partly based on I can't believe they showed a toilet flushing this is outrageous.
They had never it had never been seen on screen before. I like the way you say so taboo it never happened
before as though obviously if they had been able so it had been socially appropriate to do a toilet flushing
they would have included it in all the films. There just aren't that many scenes in films with
that's an appropriate thing to show. Yeah you're right. You're right. He was something else fun. He
did if you went on holiday and you were friends with Alfred he would... He would murder you.
But there he is. And then you were bonus. If you went on holiday he was actually completely harmless.
He would just leave some extra large furniture in your house for when you returned. He sounds
so awful. I'm speaking of things that were only used once. Justin Bieber never wears underpants twice.
Does he know? I googled sort of famous people who may not use things twice and
Oh well you googled Justin Bieber no one the way. I discovered that the queen is not allowed to appear
in a public... I guess if she's going to open a library or like you know launch a new Starbucks latte
she can't appear anywhere. But she can't be seen in the same costume that she's worn previously.
Otherwise what happens? Well I think it's just they don't want it to happen and she has a
stylist who has a spreadsheet of every single bit of clothing that she's worn to an appearance and
she make they make sure that nothing matches up and they've given every bit of clothing a
quote name like buttercup for a yellow dress. But she's been going a long time like the queen so
there must be not many clothes left. She's going to be just turning up in a romper suit.
So the headline is always if Kate Middleton wears an outfit twice they say she's recycling her outfits.
Exactly. So you never see that with a queen because of the great spreadsheet that they've made.
And so this guy Stuart Parvin he's the guy who for 11 years was the queen's personal
he dressed her he picked all the clothing. He said in this interview that she has someone employed
specifically to wear her shoes before she wears them. No way. So someone just wears the queen's shoes
and breaks them in. Yeah so they're comfy. Yeah so they're comfy for when she has to wear them for
the first time that she goes to a... So the only person who can have that job is someone who has
exactly the same size and shape feet as the queen I guess. Yeah I read the other day I don't even know
if it's true. I read that Prince Charles has his shoe laces ironed every day. No no no no no no it
might not be true but I did read it. Only if you buy his curly shoe laces like fun ones where you
can get as a kid. I'm sure he does. That's slightly more expensive. Curly fries. So smashing things.
Should we go on to that? Smashing crockery. The Greeks do that don't they? Yeah. Well actually they
don't really do it. It's been this kind of discouraged increase these days. They prefer people not to do
it so much. Not just for the austerity reasons. No they don't really think it's a good idea. But when
they do do it the what they do often is I believe this is true. They'll buy lots of kind of semi-broken
plates like they've already got little cracks in them and they'll have like 19 of those and they're
one real plate and they'll kind of run the real plates along. They've slightly broken ones to make
it look this is real this is real and then they'll smash them all on the floor so often one of them won't
properly smash because that's the real plate and the other ones aren't really real. Hang on,
sorry. What cauliflower's a plate as real? As in it's got like cracks it's like like a stunts plate.
You can't still put food on it because you can't put food on it. It's stunt food. But apparently before
they smash plates they used to throw knives at the feet of dancers. I'm going to have to move us
on to the next fact. But if you have anything more go for it. Just one thing like it's quite famous
that Churring used to chain his teacup to a radiator. Alan Churring. Alan Churring, yeah so the great
the great computer scientist during in Blechley Park he used to chain his cop to a radiator so that
no one would steal it. Well not like not like to mess with his teacup or anything like Alfred Hitchcock
torturing his teacups. Okay cool. But everyone like thinks of this as a kind of a weird sort of way
that he's quite eccentric but a few years ago they went round to Blechley Park and they were
draining the lake to try and find some enigma machines and when they drained the lake they found
the load of cups in there and apparently Churring's assistant used to just go around with his cop
and they just wander around and throw it in the water. So actually he was quite right to chain it
too because people just used to steal it all the time. Yeah maybe that's why Hitchcock did it to prevent
theft. Okay time for fact number three and that is Andy. My fact is the Romanian equivalent of
comparing apples and oranges is you're comparing grandmothers and machine guns
because those are much more different than apples and oranges are. Yeah apples and oranges are
really similar and there have been studies done on apples and oranges. What did see how similar
they are? It turns out they're different. There was one study in the British Medical Journal in 2000
and it's kind of a joke study but still and he did this whole table of similarities and differences
between apples and oranges. So both round? Both round yes. Both fruit? Yeah I can keep going. No
no. So in the colour table it says oranges, orange, apples depends on variety. Can be juiced oranges?
Yes. Apples? Yes. He goes through this whole list of similarities between them. Yeah. And
they are already similar. It turns out. And so why is it grandmothers and grandmothers? I don't know.
It just I think they've picked two very very different things. Oh okay. Yeah. They've just done
better than we did. It's slightly more imaginative than we are. Another thing they say in Romania is
it's like comparing cows and long johns. My favourite one when I was trying to find sort of
interesting things. There's a Spanish proverb and this is the Spanish proverb. There are no ugly 15
year olds. I don't know what context you would ever say. Well in prison? I think. They say.
Well you're honor. I think the court and the jury will agree.
Wow. All children are attractive. Do you want to hear some more Romanian phrases and guess what
they mean? Oh yeah, sure. Please. You take me out of the watermelons. Is it like something you say
to a lady who really kind of blows your mind? Yeah. You give me butterflies. No, it's the opposite.
It's you're making me really angry. Because obviously where do we all want to be among the watermelons?
Yeah. You take me out of the watermelons. Stop this. That explains the problems I had in that
Romanian nightclub. My face has fallen off. Is it literal that one? No. No. I'm surprised. I'm surprised.
And you've put not in the beans. Is that something you might say to well for a pitchcock?
It just means you've made a mistake. It's just a fun way of saying you've made a mistake.
You put not in the beans. I have made a whip out of shit.
It means I've done a lot with a little. I've made a really good effort considering I've got limited
resources. I'm making a purse from a Salzea, I think. Yeah, I've made a purse from a Salzea and a
whip out of shit. A whip isn't a spaceship. I mean it's not the most complicated thing you can
manufacture. Okay, you try making a whip out of shit. I have a friend who lived in South America
who powered electrically his entire home out of a huge pile of manure in his back garden.
And you're saying making a whip squidging poo into something that could hit someone is like turning
something tiny into something fantastic. I just I would question the logic of that one.
All right. They aren't quite logical. In Germany they say you have tomatoes on your eyes
to mean you're not saying what everyone else can see but why tomatoes? It's always fruit and apples
especially. So in Spanish, I think they say when you say you're going to walk around the block
in Spain you'd say let's walk around the apple. Take a walk around the apple. Don't know why.
That's great. It's weird. In Colombia to confuse two things. It's a bit like what are you saying
before but you would say he confused shit with face cream. Oh, that is a mistake. It is a mistake,
yeah. Or one of Alfred Hitchcock's hilarious praise. And if you in Sweden, if you
if you're talking about someone who hasn't really had to put in much effort to achieve what they've
achieved, do you say he's slid in on a shrimp sandwich. And that means he got here really easily.
Which actually not that easy to slide on a shrimp sandwich. You have such what priorities about
what's easy and what's hard. It's easy to slip on a shrimp sandwich. It's very hard to compress
turds together to make him a working whip. Indiana Jones's whip wasn't made of poo.
We don't know that. I think we think we have very different skill sets. What is slipping
is very different to sliding. So you can slip on it but sliding in that implies that you're
skiing into the into the piece. And we'll can see the skiing on a shrimp sandwich will be hard.
They don't want to be quite difficult. Are any of these are any of these actually said in these
countries? It's a weird one that because we occasionally do this kind of thing on QI and when we
ever say it we'll say okay in Thailand they say the hens is a snake's feet and the snake sees the
hens boobs and that means two people who know each other's secret. We'll say something like that on QI
and then everyone in Thailand will email us and say no we don't say that at all. I think it will be
said and I think it's just people like I haven't heard every phrase that gets used in Britain.
I think that's right. If there are people from Sweden or Spain or Germany who know that we're
wrong please do heckle. So just like we were talking about grandmothers and machine guns right at the
start so maybe a few things about guns. Yeah. Yeah. You know how old you have to be to get a firearms
license in the UK? Is it 12? It's 14. Okay. Do you know how old you have to be to get a shotgun
license? No. You have to be two. No way. And the reason you have to be two is because an adult needs
to sign for you saying they've known you for at least two years. And I can confirm here's a fit
and proper person. There's loads of people like under 10 in the UK who have shotgun licenses but you
can't buy a shotgun until you're certain age although an adult could buy you a shotgun. Does anyone
have a shotgun license? Well just that child on the front ground. How old are you? 19. So you've had it
for 17 years. You must be very good. The person who invented the first portable automatic machine
gun was guy called Hiram Maxim. He's kind of a bit famous and he was arrested an old age. He also
invented the traditional mouse trap that people use. He was arrested an old age in 1913 for harassing
salvation army workers with a pea shooter. But better that than the machine gun. I read a story
about him which was that when he invented the machine gun but was testing it out in his neighborhood.
He went to all his neighbors saying sorry to bother at 3 p.m. today or whatever time he said
I'm going to be testing out my new machine gun. If you could open your windows the noise is so great
in this vicinity all smash all the glass in your house if the windows are shut could you really
consider it? Yeah he sounds like a nice guy. I think he showed off the gun there was an early
demonstration of the machine gun and he was because it was Queen Victoria who was the queen at the time
and one of the things he did to demonstrate how cool it was was he blasted with the machine gun the
letters V R for Victoria Regina into a brick wall. Yeah that was the thing. When you would you trust
a man who said I'm going to be practicing with my machine gun this morning can I ask that you open
your windows for me. I mean it doesn't really make any difference whether you do or not. We're
going to have to move on. So time for our final fact and that is James Harkin. Okay my fact this
week is that replacement eyelets can be made from foreskins. I told you I told you they would
have grown. Has this actually been done? It's been done yeah it has been done. You might lose your
eyelid for you might get a disease or you might it might be burned. Someone might be practicing
with a machine gun next door. Exactly and then the problem is your eyelid is kind of really thin
kind of skin and so it's really hard to find replacement skin from around the body and there are
a few different places to get it but the foreskin works particularly well and people have had
their eyelets replaced with foreskins. Do they what what do they get to replace their foreskin
so they get another foreskin from somewhere else? No, it's like a pyramid scheme of foreskins.
They do that. If your foreskin is on your eyelid are you circumcised or is that does a
foreskin have to be fully removed or does it just have to remove them it's original position?
That's a very good question. James I feel like I'm going to let you down. I don't know the correct
answer. You should really read the Torah because it must be in there somewhere. Just quickly before
we get into foreskin valley. If you don't have a this is really really cool. If you don't have
if your eyelids don't work so the eyelid is there and it's intact but it need it doesn't operate
the muscles don't work to move it. One way that doctors can fix it is they take gold thread
and because they use gold in the body because it doesn't react with anything it's inert chemically
and it's the thread they use is a hundred times thinner than a human hair and they thread it
through the eyelid which gives it a bit of stability and it stiffens it and what that means is
it's stiff enough to open and close the eye but you have to do it by hand so you just do this.
You just really have nothing to go. Yeah I'm awake or whatever it is that you do. Isn't that
incredible? Yeah so you can wink at someone by just going. I read this thing this isn't really
related but one of the early butter augmentation surgeries the guy who invented butter called
mentation basically took a breast kind of silicon thing from a breast and just put it in someone's
but that's basically the way he did it but the problem was it didn't really look like a
bottom so it didn't really work. Is that what it did? And so what they did instead is they managed to get
like something that was better sculpted and put it in between the gluteus maximus and I think the
gluteus minimus and so it actually looked a bit like a butterk and this was the first proper real
butter called mentation surgery but the problem was that it kept slipping and so what you could do is
someone would go oh your butterk slipped and then you could actually lift it up and put it back
in place. How far down did it slip? Could go as far as out of your trousers or something.
Oh sorry. It could go quite far down the thigh I think. Oh my god.
Interesting that isn't it? Yeah that's amazing. I wonder if you still say someone had a nice
arse if it was just halfway down the cob. I read about the first penis transplant the other day
which they've successfully done. Yeah and they knew they could do it for a long time and this guy
wanted to have it done and the only issue was is that for four to five years it was I guess to the
tail end of four years they couldn't find a donor. That's very reasonable. I heard that they used
a middle finger once for a penis transplant. No I've read this and they're all looking and I've got no
evidence either. I've forgotten all the sources and I read it five or six years ago anyway. It's
already quite bad when someone gives you the finger in the street. It was also attached to the groin
it would be ten times worse. Let's say some stuff on eyelids specifically. Pioneering French surgeon
Ambrose Paray. If you had etching eyelids he suggested washing your eyelids in urine
but only if the urine had been kept all night in a barber's basin. Okay it's very specific isn't it?
What does do you have to have the consent of the barber presumably? You can't just wean a barber's
basin. Yeah they go in the next day. Oh yeah sir I've been using basin four. I hope you don't mind
my eyelids are itchy. Do you want to hear another really interesting body part replacement thing?
Yes please. This guy is great. Okay there's a Finnish computer programmer. His name is Jerry
Gelava and in 2008 he lost a finger. He lost his third finger in a motorbike accident so he replaced
it with his penis. Yeah his typing has not improved. Everyone was saying oh it's so annoying for you
because you type for a living don't you because you're a computer programmer you're going to be really
it's going to be really annoying for you and he said yes yes it is going to be really annoying and
eventually he decided to do something about it and he built himself a prosthetic finger not only that
it doubles up as a USB drive. So all he has to do he just peels back his prosthetic fingernail and
there's a there's a he can just plug into a computer. No no no no one can ever just plug in a USB
into a computer. I'm sorry upside down and then yeah yeah and so he he can store two gigabytes of
data in his finger and he can even remove the whole finger and give it to someone else if they
need to store a file or something. How cool is that? Amazing yeah what a great guy. I don't know if
I'd accept that. If you ask someone they have a spare USB. Oh yeah. It's a great idea. Another
on eyes and yeah like replacement surgery you know if so in 2009 I think was the first instance of
this woman who'd been blind for nine years had her eye replaced with her tooth and she could see again
and so this sometimes people are having surgery to get their cornea replaced with their tooth
and they make so they drill a hole in the tooth and they make a little lens in it and then they
have to implant it in a different part of your body because the lens needs to properly fuse I think
with the tooth first of all so they implanted it in her shoulder for a while. This is her tooth
and then they can put it in the eye if you google images very weird but there are people who've had
their teeth in their eyes and they can see properly and they just line it up with the retina
and it's people who've got corneal problems where it's gone blurry so. That's amazing. It's great.
You can pat someone on the shoulder and on the eye and on the tooth at the same time.
That is so incredible. That's the main benefit that's what they say they're all pleased about.
We're going to have to wrap up soon so should we? James?
Okay well just on what you were saying you can get stem cells these days can do all sorts of things
and people there was a lady who kind of ingested some stem cells into her wrinkles around her eyes
because she wanted to get rid of the wrinkles and it was hope that it would grow back
and then suddenly whenever she kind of winked her eyes she heard this bony clicking
and it turned out that a bone had grown in her eyelid. I know. I've got some light
entertains up about four skin depending on what's it? Oh hang on, all night is that eyelid
quickly because I've always wanted to know this. You know is that thing when you're eyelid in
voluntarily twitches? Like you have a twitching eyelid so that's called blepharous plasm or blepharous
plasm and so it's usually it's usually fine and harmless some people have it so badly that
eyelids get locked shut and a cure that was proposed for that in the late 1700s was by a doctor
Gerald and he suggested that. He doesn't sound like a real doctor. If any doctor only gives you
their first name that's a real danger sign like Dr Nick in The Simpsons. So Dr. Jess advised that
people who had this problem with their eyes were clamped shut because their blepharous plasm was
so bad. Don't try and cure the spasm drill a hole in their eyelid so that they can see through it.
I actually don't know if anyone had that done but it's lateral thinking.
Oh hope not. Also blepharous plasm are playing on the obelisk stage at 9pm tonight.
Secret gigs are checking them out. They're very good. Four skins, humorous four skins? Oh no.
All right there's a bit bit PG-13 but some cosmetics are tested on four skins but ones that have
been removed. If someone is circumcised when they're born the hospital normally sells the four
skin. There is a man out there who's been circumcised and his cells have been used and grown and grown
and grown and grown and grown to make an entire face cream company. But here's the thing it um there
was a whole anti because when people found out that four skins were being used for cosmetics
there was a huge um anti-four skin movement that tried to stop it and it turns out Oprah Winfrey has
released four skin products um not for your four skin for like four skin face products and they said
product name four skin. That's brilliant. Yes. So obvious. Yeah but so that's the amazing thing about
it. It's not as if they're carting off lots of four skins to turn into face cream. It's one
singular four skin that they've been using for 20 years. Well they come that there are lots of four
skins but yeah you can use them for up to yeah I think 40 years. Because it's just the cells in
that are very unusual and there's uh did you say that they're like stem cells and they can be grown
and used in lots of different ways and they're yeah they're incredible medically yeah that's insane.
Um we're gonna have to wrap up in a sec so if anyone's got anything a final fact they want to
throw in? No. No we're good. Uh okay all right that's it that's all of our facts thanks so much for
uh listening. If you want to get in contact with any of us about the things we've said on our
podcast we can be found on Twitter. I'm on @tribaland Andy. @andruhontoam. James. @xshaped. Anna.
You can email podcast at ki.com. Yeah you go to nosuchthingasafish.com we've got 70 episodes up there.
Thank you so much for being here guys. That was as far as I'll see you later guys.